# PPJ_TASK_10

I. Create a square class with a private box. Initialize the field in the constructor. Add a show method that displays: • the area of ​​this square, • the volume of a cube built on the basis of this square. Present the use of this class with an example.II. Create class Fight with private fields radius and height. Initialize the fields in the constructor. Add a show method to display: • area of ​​the base, • volume of a cylinder. Show the use of this class with an example. III. Create a Rectangle class and inherit the Rectangular class from it. Repeat the operation for the classesTriangle that encapsulates the figure of an equilateral triangle and inherits from PyramidPrisprism. Make sure that:•classes contain all necessary fields;•all fields are preceded by the emprivate specifier;•constructors initialize field values ​​based on both supplied numeric values ​​and the base class object;•all figure classes have a method that displays the area;•all solid classes had methods displaying the surface area and volume of a solid; IV. Create a classTree with fields boolean evergreen,int heightandStringTreesection, then implement the field initialization constructors and theString toString() method to return information about the tree.V. Create a Conifer class that inherits from the Tree class, and defines the fieldsIntiloscIgielidouble lengthCones. Next, prepare a constructor that initializes all the fields and a String toString() method that returns information about the tree, along with the values ​​of the fields describing the coniferous tree. Create a classLeafTree that inherits from the classTree and defines the fieldLeaf shape, and a methodString toString() that returns information about the tree. , as in the previous tasks, complete the class with a constructor and a functional method toString
